#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
-e git+https://github.com/UiL-OTS-labs/python-docx2txt#egg=docx2txt
    # via -r requirements.in
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blessed==1.21.0
    # via curtsies
bpython==0.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
cdh-django-core[core,federated-auth,files,mail,recommended,rest,vue] @ git+https://github.com/CentreForDigitalHumanities/django-shared-core.git@v3.2.0-alpha.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   djlint
closure==20191111
    # via cdh-django-core
colorama==0.4.6
    # via djlint
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   cdh-django-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
cssbeautifier==1.15.4
    # via djlint
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via svglib
curtsies==0.4.2
    # via bpython
cwcwidth==0.1.10
    # via
    #   bpython
    #   curtsies
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangosaml2
    #   pysaml2
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via cdh-django-core
django==4.2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
    #   django-braces
    #   django-csp
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-simple-menu
    #   django-user-agents
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangosaml2
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   sphinxcontrib-django
django-braces==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
django-csp==4.0
    # via cdh-django-core
django-debug-toolbar==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
django-extensions==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
django-filter==25.1
    # via cdh-django-core
django-impersonate==1.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
django-modeltranslation==0.19.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
django-simple-menu==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
django-user-agents==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
djangosaml2==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
djlint==1.36.4
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
editorconfig==0.17.0
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   jsbeautifier
elementpath==4.8.0
    # via xmlschema
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via bpython
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via sphinx
jsbeautifier==1.15.4
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   djlint
json5==0.12.0
    # via djlint
lesscpy==0.15.1
    # via cdh-django-core
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   pyhanko
    #   svglib
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
mysqlclient==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   django-csp
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   djlint
pbr==6.1.1
    # via sphinxcontrib-apidoc
pdftotext==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   reportlab
    #   xhtml2pdf
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via black
ply==3.11
    # via lesscpy
pprintpp==0.4.0
    # via sphinxcontrib-django
pscript==0.7.7
    # via vbuild
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bpython
    #   sphinx
pyhanko==0.29.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.27.0
    # via
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via cdh-django-core
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via pysaml2
pypdf==5.6.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
pysaml2==7.5.2
    # via djangosaml2
pyscss==1.4.0
    # via cdh-django-core
python-bidi==0.6.6
    # via xhtml2pdf
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pysaml2
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdh-django-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via pysaml2
pyxdg==0.28
    # via bpython
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   djlint
    #   pyhanko
regex==2024.11.6
    # via djlint
reportlab==4.4.1
    # via
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bpython
    #   cdh-django-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   pysaml2
    #   sphinx
sentry-sdk[django]==2.29.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   html5lib
    #   jsbeautifier
    #   pyscss
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinx==7.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-apidoc
    #   sphinxcontrib-django
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-apidoc==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-django==2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
svglib==1.5.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   djlint
    #   sphinx
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via djlint
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   bpython
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   djlint
    #   pypdf
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via pyhanko
ua-parser==1.0.1
    # via user-agents
ua-parser-builtins==0.18.0.post1
    # via ua-parser
uritools==5.0.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via django-user-agents
vbuild==0.8.2
    # via cdh-django-core
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via blessed
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
xhtml2pdf==0.2.17
    # via -r requirements.in
xmlschema==2.5.1
    # via pysaml2
zipp==3.22.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
